Navigation: Introduce wc-admin registration client side navArgs (#5773)
woocommerce/woocommerce-admin: client/analytics/report/README.md

				report: 'example',
				title: 'My Example Extension',
				component: Report,
				navArgs: {
					id: 'my-example-report',
				},
			},
		];
	}
);
```

Each report is defined by an object containing `report`, `title`, `component`, and optionally `navArgs`.

-   `report` (string): The path used to show the report, ex: `/analytics/example`
-   `title` (string): The title shown in the breadcrumbs & document title.
-   `component` (react component): The component containing the report content- everything on the page under the breadcrumbs header.

> -   `navArgs` (object): Supply an id which is the same id as the server side registration.

Reviewer: Optional nitpick: we could make this comment more specific since it's in the context of registering pages.

```suggestion
-   `navArgs` (object): Arguments used for the new navigation experience, typically used to supply a matching ID for server-side registered menu items.
```
